docs(node pools): adds scaling management annotations (#8777)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/proc-managing-node-pools-ids.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-config.adoc

[id='proc-managing-node-pools-ids-{context}']
= (Preview) Assigning IDs to node pools for scaling operations

[role="_abstract"]
This procedure describes how to use annotations for advanced node ID handling by the Cluster Operator when performing scaling operations on node pools. 
You specify the node IDs to use, rather than the Cluster Operator using the next ID in sequence.
Management of node IDs in this way gives greater control.

The steps assume that you are using ZooKeeper for cluster management. 

> The operation is not possible for clusters using KRaft mode.

Reviewer: This is supported in exactly the same way for ZooKeeper or KRaft. So I think this can be removed.

To add a range of IDs, you assign the following annotations to the `KafkaNodePool` resource:

> * `strimzi.io/next-node-ids` to add a range of IDs for scaling up
> * `strimzi.io/remove-node-ids` to add a range of IDs for scaling down

Reviewer: As mentioned above, this might make it more clear it applies to any created / removed broker.

```suggestion
* `strimzi.io/next-node-ids` to add a range of IDs that will be used for new brokers
* `strimzi.io/remove-node-ids` to add a range of IDs for removing existing brokers
```

In a typical scenario, you might specify a range of IDs for scaling up and a single node ID to remove a specific node when scaling down.

In this procedure, we add the scaling annotations to node pools as follows:

* `pool-a` is assigned a range of IDs for scaling up 
* `pool-b` is assigned a range of IDs for scaling down

During the scaling operation, IDs are used as follows: 

* Scale up picks up the lowest available ID in the range for the new node.
* Scale down removes the node with the highest available ID in the range. 

If there are gaps in the sequence of node IDs assigned in the node pool, the next node to be added is assigned an ID that fills the gap.

The annotations don't need to be updated after every scaling operation.
Any unused IDs are still valid for the next scaling event. 

The Cluster Operator allows you to specify a range of IDs in either ascending or descending order, so you can define them in the order the nodes are scaled. 
For example, when scaling up, you can specify a range such as [`1000-1999`], and the new nodes are assigned the next lowest IDs: `1000`, `1001`, `1002`, `1003`, and so on. 

> Conversely, when scaling down, you can specify a range like [`1999-1000`], ensuring that nodes with the next highest IDs are removed: `1999`, `1998`, `1997`, `1996`, and so on.

Reviewer: I wonder if this should have a better example to clarify that it will remove the highest used node ID. E.g. with a node pool with IDs `1000`, `1001`, `1002`, `1003`, it will remove them as `1003`, `1002` etc. I think that might be more clear than starting with `1999` which will in this example be rarely used.

Author: Yeah. I've updated.
